README.md, before:

This project explores the image of the child and family in children's plays of late Stalinism.<br /> <br />
The repository contains a corpus of Soviet post-war plays. These are plays awarded the Stalin Prize in the period from 1945 to 1953, as well as plays from the magazine "Theater" and "Pioneer Theater".
The repository also contains a script for calculating TF-IDF and a file with words with a high TF-IDF indicator for each document from the corpus. The plays in the corpus are organized thematically and divided into 10 groups, such as: <br />1) children's plays;<br />2) plays about factory;<br />3) plays about the collective farm;<br />4) plays about war;<br />5) plays about the great past of the Soviet Union;<br />6) historical plays about the formation of communism;<br />7) patriotic plays about Soviet scientists;<br />8) plays about intelligentsia lagging behind the spirit of the times;<br />9) plays about "decaying" life in the West;<br />10) prohibited plays, recognized by the authorities as “unprincipled.”<br /><br />
Although the corpus contains plays with a wide variety of themes, the main focus of this project is the children's play and how it differs from the adult play in terms of theme and structure.<br /><br />
The project is a part of Ekaterina Kolevatova’s PhD dissertation “The Path of the Soviet Family from Late Stalinism to the Thaw”, which is being written as part of the “Family.Matters” project at Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München.

Commit message:

Content update
Replaced some files with the text of the plays, changed the description in the readme file, added a table with the results of the TF-IDF calculation in color

README.md, after:

This repository contains the results of the work presented in the first chapter of Ekaterina Kolevatova's PhD dissertation "The Path of the Soviet Family from Late Stalinism to the Thaw". The dissertation is being written within the framework of the project "Family Matters. Figures of Ent-Bindung" at Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München..<br /> <br />
The chapter "(Un)carefree childhood: the image of the family in children's drama 1945–1953" is dedicated to children's drama. The main objective of the chapter is to describe the image of the Soviet family as it was seen by the Soviet government, embodied by the efforts of Soviet playwrights.<br /> <br />
To answer this question, a corpus of children's drama was created. The corpus consists of 23 plays written and staged during the late Stalinist period, from 1945 to 1953. I scanned and digitized the plays from various collections from the Soviet era. Most of the plays were taken from the collection Pioneer Theatre. The second source for the corpus is the Theater magazine. <br /> <br />
The repository contains excerpts from these plays (approximately 70-75% of the full text in each file). All excerpts are presented with the semantic TEI markup.<br /><br />
The repository also contains a script for calculating TF-IDF, corpora with plays for comparison, and a file with TF-IDF results. <br /><br />
The statistical measure of TF-IDF is used to assess the importance of a word in a document that is part of a corpus. Thus, the table of words with the highest TF-IDF score shows the words and themes that are key to the children's drama corpus. for each document from the corpus. <br /><br />
To calculate the most significant words for the children's corpus, I used 9 subcorpora with adult drama, such as: <br />1) children's plays;<br />2) plays about factory;<br />3) plays about the collective farm;<br />4) plays about war;<br />5) plays about the great past of the Soviet Union;<br />6) historical plays about the formation of communism;<br />7) patriotic plays about Soviet scientists;<br />8) plays about intelligentsia lagging behind the spirit of the times;<br />9) plays about "decaying" life in the West;<br />10) prohibited plays, recognized by the authorities as “unprincipled.”<br /><br />
The file tf_idf.xlsx presents the full results of the TF-IDF calculation for each subcorpus. The pdf file with the table in color presents the keywords for children's drama of the late Stalinim, divided into 4 main topics: <br /> 1) Institution: this group includes all vocabulary related to activities in a pioneer cell, a school, or, in some cases, a military school or orphanage; 
2) Family: this group includes all words naming family members and words closely associated with family;<br />
3) Leisure, hobbies, and friendship: this group includes words that depict children's games and activities that are not related to school and pioneer activities, nor the family;<br />
4) Fighting with enemies: words that refer to the exposure of spies and pests, as well as vocabulary from conversations with antagonists, and torturers of children.<br /><br />
I used a combination of approaches: quantitative analysis, close reading, and historical and cultural context to explain the structural and ideological changes occurring in the ideal image of the post-war family depicted by Soviet playwrights. The TF-IDF calculation allowed us to obtain a list of words that distinguish the corpus of children's drama from the corpus of plays for adult audiences - these words are keywords for children's theater. The results of the study are presented in more detail in the text of the dissertation.<br /> <br />
